for me is really clear to see like you
know all the faults we had last play and
like why things went wrong whereas
before you know it in a moment it's all
hindsight so it's like in the moment you
don't see those things but now after I
feel like the winning mentality is like
okay now I understand why we lost so
much lost foot
well it's Father's Day here at na LCS
I'm joined by a Father's Day duo and
sticks a Nick Allen the cover here
presented by Omni slash not forcing this
at all talk a little bit about clg's win
today against hundred thieves you had to
go up against your your former botlane
partner Afra mu who denied you the use
of his sunglasses before they started
this do you think is he salty about it
was he can you hear me no okay no man
I'm not gonna be mean no no he's not
salty I think they're prescription or
something so I probably can't see out of
them anyways but what are you trying to
do Travis right what are you trying to
make happen here your ship normally dips
for the summer split trying to lift that
baby off right now you know that I think
that's good for all of us so a nice clip
a title so I don't know if anyone knew
this but Nick Collins actually my dad
that's why he's in this interview know
that no people I don't think people know
that does your wife know that Nick she
did she will find out when she watches
this interview she doesn't really watch
my interviews but uh I'm joking I'm
joking yeah have you met your your
little sister drew no to save this joke
yes you guys thank God all right let's
move on cuz I think this one is this is
normally when people click click onto
the doublelift aphromoo interview at
this point in time in the video know
what what happened during the break for
you guys what did you guys do during the
break we well a lot of us had to move so
we were all moving out from we're all
based in Arcadia and it really helped
because now we're all kind of like in
the LA kind of Santa Monica area so it's
really nice
Co G has provided us was like ton of
resources which is just like super
helpful for us and I think this split we
kind of
felt like how a winning team should feel
at least you know how our practice went
felt like we have like that winning
mentality around us and I think everyone
is trying really hard and for me is
really clear to see like you know all
the faults we had last play and like why
things went wrong whereas before you
know in the moment it's all hindsight so
it's like in the moment you don't see
those things but now after I feel like
the winning mentality is like okay now I
understand why we lost so much loss
split but I think we know what to do to
fix it and so Nick he mentioned a lot of
resources what do you guys been doing
because you guys were living in a team
house compound thing in Arcadia what has
what's happened during the the break to
sort of level up the resources you guys
are providing them yeah I think it's a
combination of it's a brand-new
Performance Centre for the team so a
little bit of a fresh start coming off
of what it was a rough split and then
not only through our partnership with
MSG but having space to actually create
and design something specific to the
league team to our organization allows
us to bring in more resources and build
a lot more cool and interesting things
they're gonna help the team so for
example we've built like a replica of
the LCS stage desks in the practice room
for the team and actually anything that
these guys want were we're providing for
them it's really about getting them
comfortable with the new office and
preparing them as best as possible for
the start of the season we're literally
screaming on the same stage that we're
playing on I know so it's pretty insane
what he says anything you guys want
they're providing right now can you give
me an example can you give me an example
of some of the things that you guys want
that they have to provide I mean in
terms of like like food and drinks and
stuff like we asked for anything and we
get whatever we want like literally we
have our names like Performance Center
has just like two sides of it to where
there's like two fridges and you said I
think you've been there right yeah so
you probably know it looks like but yeah
pretty much there's like ton of snacks
any snack you think about one side and
opposite sides just any drinking you
think of so it's just like everyday I
just open up what on today okay of this
so I don't know it's really nice it's a
wall I stressful than like living in a
team house and it just feels just
good when I when I visited
there's some like knockoff Lacroix or
something are you said anything but it
sounds like they're going cheap on it
what's that it's like Mountain
Mountain Springs flavored water so
Arrowhead yeah what why why not go with
the real stuff there's nothing wrong
with Arrowhead okay what are you trying
to do when I feel like if I went to the
a WTF there'd be Lacroix they're not
Arrowhead I don't know what that is it's
not even on my tongue on my radar
no buts about a mentality of comfort and
and like service to the team and so it's
really about just like let's make them
as happy and comfortable and performing
at the best as possible I think that's
actually like that's the word I trying
to find earlier is comfortable you feel
very comfortable there so it's very nice
so can you request some Lacroix because
that would make me more comfortable and
I've been I think I think have the power
to do that maybe maybe I'm not sure
right now just remember if you order it
he's gonna actually come by so yeah
actually sorry Nate told me I could drop
by whenever I want the very first time I
said that he was like yeah come by
whatever and then I showed up just a
couple days later whenever I wanted and
I'm gonna keep doing that cuz you're
only about 12 minutes away from where I
live there's more of a formality
I didn't really think you'd take
advantage of it and now I'm I've made a
terrible mistake
so I retract the offer for you to come
by anytime you want it son retractable
obviously I was winning but we're like
in our script mode so we're not like
even think about like saying hi or
anything I'm just like well as part of
that they're trying to emulate the LCS
experience so me just like nearby yeah
that's just like how there's actually
some space in front of our desk if you
want to stand there and kind of cheer
for us yeah I don't know if I would I
just stand there in like golfclap or
whatever you know I can also do I can
emulate the LCS experience by just
shoving a camera really close to your
face when you're playing and and we're
having the guy that comes down and just
a little like camera that sits on there
and faces you guys that'd be good right
I love that it's amazing this really
gets you in the mode that you need to be
in no you also you're living by yourself
now are you able to take care of
yourself yeah actually surprisingly no I
have a lived apart
before so I know it's like and I think
for I think most of us have actually
lived on our own before so it's not like
super new you know the hardest thing is
just like being on time every day yeah
but that's what that it's be was there
ever a thought process bethany cuz a lot
of pro players they went from living
with their parents to living in a team
house that kind of like had people like
i've heard stories of you know players
to just have to get woken up every
single day by a team staff in order to
get going i don't know if that's at all
what it was like on CLG but were you
ever worried about that stuff
no I mean we sat down well I didn't sit
down with the coaching staff the players
sat down and talked about what the
living arrangement would look like what
they would like to see and what
ultimately everyone wanted to do this
group is very experienced very mature
and you know all independently like I
think actually we want to live on our
own in our own situation now some some
of the players are like living together
but it was really about like what's
gonna make you the best performer we're
moving into a new era for CLG where we
have this Performance Center how do we
get a leg up in every single way that we
can including like what the living
arrangements is of it for the players
and so again talking through them they
all wanted to do this and they thought
it was the best for them and so we went
in that direction do you live with any
of the other players no I don't I live
I'm on did you because some of them do
you live together yeah the only ones
that look together is uh Bifrost and
yeah and assistant coach Goldman Zack
and you never thought to try to live
what the guys know in in no world would
I want to experience that again it's
good to you know that everything's
coming together on on CLG so anything
that either of you guys want to say to
any of the fans out there I think you
guys so much better support I think we
really have kind of turned around the
split and I guess seog is kind of just
giving us like so much and it's really
just on us to just you know make it
happen so thank you a swell of support
and you guys excited for us yeah we
thanks to all the fans who have been
supporting us we've put a lot of trust
in the players and I think they've you
know given trust back to CLG and as a
result we have like an I think a really
really strong relationship going into
this split I feel everyone is feeling
really really good even coming off of
the loss yesterday I feel like the
mentality
he was still incredibly strong and now
we have this win it's just it's gonna
kickstart us into even more wins and
we're really excited so thanks to the
fans and players have been killing it
I'm really excited thank you guys both
for the interview I need a coffee lots
so we're gonna end this you check the
rest of my coverage of all things
eSports right here on my youtube channel
this is annoyed she's the woman that
does all the emotes from my twitch
channel and she says she only does it
for people who are actually very popular
so if you don't sub to my channel and
watch my videos she said that she's
never gonna do any more emails during
twitch channel see look she's already
leaving because I'm becoming less
popular she's looking for popular people
to do emails for her
thanks so much to Omni slash but please
subscribe and go follow my twitch
channel which I also put in the
description when she's gone